Use AWS broker (#3927)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-catalog/docs/13-04-aws-broker.md

---
title: AWS Service Broker
type: Service Brokers
---

> The AWS Service Broker is an open-source, [Open Service Broker](https://www.openservicebrokerapi.org/)-compatible API server that provisions managed services in the AWS public cloud. Kyma provides Namespace-scoped AWS Service Broker. In each Namespace, you can configure the AWS Service Broker against different subscriptions. Install the AWS Service Broker by provisioning the **AWS Service Broker** class provided by the Helm Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Service Broker is an open-source, [Open Service Broker](https://www.openservicebrokerapi.org/)-compatible API server that provisions managed services in the AWS public cloud. Kyma provides the Namespace-scoped AWS Service Broker. In each Namespace, you can configure the AWS Service Broker against different subscriptions. Install the AWS Service Broker by provisioning the **AWS Service Broker** class provided by the Helm Broker.
```

> ![aws broker class](./assets/aws-class.png)

Reviewer: Please correct the screenshot as discussed.

Once you provision the **AWS Service Broker** class, the AWS Service Broker classes are available in the Service Catalog view in a given Namespace.
The AWS Service Broker provides these Service Classes to use with the Service Catalog:

> * athena

Reviewer: Please provide display names of the classes.

* emr
* kinesis
* rdsmariadb
* rdspostgresql
* translate
* kms
* rekognition
* sns
* dynamodb
* redshift
* sqs
* polly
* rdsmysql
* s3
* lex
* route53
* elasticache

> To find a documentation about each Service Class, click [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/tree/v1.0.0/templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the documentation for each Service Class [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/tree/v1.0.0/templates).
```

> See the details of each Service Class and its specification in the Service Catalog UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also see the details and specification of each Service Class in the Service Catalog UI, after provisioning a given class.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please merge those two sections into one.

> For more information about the Service Brokers, see [this](#service-brokers-service-brokers) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the Service Brokers, see [this](#service-brokers-overview) document.
```

> >**NOTE:** Kyma uses the AWS Service Broker open source project. To ensure the best performance and stability of the product, Kyma uses a version of the AWS Service Broker that precedes the newest version released by Amazon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Kyma uses the AWS Service Broker open-source project. To ensure the best performance and stability of the product, Kyma uses a version of the AWS Service Broker that precedes the newest version released by Amazon.
```
